{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f10\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 System;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f12\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 LinePrinter;}{\f13\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Marlett;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Book Antiqua;}{\f17\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Monotype Sorts;}{\f18\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 MS LineDraw;}{\f19\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Algerian;}{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Rounded MT Bold;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bookman Old Style;}{\f22\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Braggadocio;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Britannic Bold;}{\f24\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Brush Script MT;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Gothic;}
{\f26\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Colonna MT;}{\f27\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Desdemona;}{\f28\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Footlight MT Light;}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Impact;}{\f30\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Kino MT;}{\f31\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Wide Latin;}
{\f32\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f33\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Playbill;}{\f34\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Black;}{\f35\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Comic Sans MS;}{\f36\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Webdings;}
{\f37\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq2 Modern;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Dialog;}{\f39\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 FreeSans;}{\f40\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 hand1;}{\f41\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 INTEL9;}{\f42\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 h12;}{\f43\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 IN10;}
{\f44\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Narrow;}{\f46\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}{\f47\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 ftball;}{\f48\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 soccer;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geneva;}
{\f50\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 New York;}{\f51\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Intel;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Haettenschweiler;}{\f53\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 MS Outlook;}{\f54\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 3;}
{\f55\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 4;}{\f56\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 5;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Fixedsys;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq1 Terminal;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Small Fonts;}
{\f60\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Dialog Light;}{\f61\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS SystemEx;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Lucida Console;}{\f63\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Gamekeys MT;}{\f64\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Microsoft Logo 95;}{\f65\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SWlogo;}
{\f66\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f67\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f68\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f69\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f70\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f71\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f72\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}{\f73\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f74\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f75\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}
{\f76\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f77\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f78\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f79\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f80\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}
{\f81\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f82\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f83\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f84\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}{\f85\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}
{\f86\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f87\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f88\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f89\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}{\f90\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}
{\f91\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f92\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f93\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f94\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f95\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f96\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f97\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f98\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f99\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f100\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f101\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f102\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f103\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f104\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs32\ul\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 
heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \f5\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar 
\i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font,body;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{
\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{
\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 
ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 
\brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs28 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx1915 
\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext49 Body Text 2;}{\s50\li2160\sa120\nowidctlpar 
\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext50 Body Text Indent 2;}{\s51\fi-720\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext51 Body Text Indent 3;}{\s52\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext52 Body Text;}{\s53\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\v\f5\fs22\uldb 
\sbasedon0\snext53 Hidden;}}{\info{\title Bases}{\author Rod Hyde}{\operator Mary Hyde}{\creatim\yr1999\mo2\dy16\hr8\min49}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy28\hr13\min55}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar 
\b\f5\fs36 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Session}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Introduction}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_INTRODUCTION
\par }}Command Briefing
\par \pard\plain \qc\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b On-line help is only available for the map screen
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}You are in command of a force of 112 aircraft arranged into seven squadrons.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 2.\tab}In pursuit of your campaign objectives, you will design missions using this map screen.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 3.\tab}The day is organized into three sessions: Morning, Midday and Afternoon. Missions should be arranged for each session. Up to 96 aircraft can be used in each session.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 4.\tab}Some sessions will be lost due to bad weather. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 5.\tab}The full range of Mission Types can be {\uldb designed}{\v HIDD_MISSIONGENERATION}. You can either design a mission from scratch personally or just set the overall parameters and let your staff complete the {
\uldb details}{\v HIDD_COMIT_E}.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f5\fs22\lang1033 6.\tab}You are cleared to fly missions in the following {\uldb aircraft:}{\v HIDD_RESOURCES} F86 Sabre, F80C Shooting Star, F84E Thunder Jet and the F51 Mustang.
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Main Supply Route; Close Air Support}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} {\b\fs32 Battle Scenario
}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_BATTLESCENARIO}}{\b\fs32 Battle Scenario
\par }Yo
u are supporting a ground battle that is being fought on the Korean peninsula. As the peninsula runs north-south you will find that the front line generally lies east-west. Although your specific objectives will vary from campaign to campaign, the overall
 objective is to support the UN ground forces in their effort to move the front line up to the Chinese border.
\par It is possible to support the ground forces by flying Close Air Support missions. This may be necessary when UN Forces are in danger of being over
-run. However this is not necessarily the best use of your resources. The Communist ground threat depends on getting supplies to the front line. Successful Interdiction missions can therefore delay a Communist advance and even force a retreat.
\par For the sake of convenience, three Main Supply Routes (MSR) have been identified. There is one on the West Coast, one in the Central Region and one on the East. Each Communist asset has been allocated to a route so that during briefings you will be able t
o determine its sphere of influence. Often the sphere of influence is obvious; sometimes though, because of the mountainous landscape, the connection is not immediately apparent. 
\par It should be noted that the Supply Routes do not operate independently. There are many cross-links that the Communists use to bypass destroyed bridges etc.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Resources;Bombers;Fighters}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} {\b\fs28 
Resources}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_RESOURCES}}Resources
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Your have five fighter squadrons and two bomber squadrons under your command. 
\par The fighter squadrons which are based in Korea, consist of:
\par \pard\plain \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Two squadrons of F86 Sabre Jet aircraft. These are the best air combat aircraft at your disposal. Sabres are only armed for air to air duties.
\par \pard\plain \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 One squadron of F84E jets and one squadron of F80C jets. These aircraft are best suited to ground strike duties. The MiG15 in combat outclasses them.
\par One squadron of F51 prop aircraft. These aircraft are no match for the MiG15 in combat. However they are useful for Close Air Support and Interdiction Missions close to the front.
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar The bomber squadr
ons are based in Japan. On any particular day you will have either a squadron of B29 heavy bombers or B26 medium bomber aircraft available. B29s are preferable because they deliver a bigger punch. However if the attrition rate becomes too high they will b
e withheld.
\par Each squadron of pilots is organized into six flights of four. However, the maximum number of aircraft that can be launched at any session is sixteen and therefore only four flights can fly. This gives you the option of resting pilots. 
\par Aircraft
 are allocated in units of four, i.e. in flights. So, for instance, if you have designed four Strike Missions it would be possible to allocate two flights of Sabres to each mission. Alternatively you could allocate one flight to each mission and the remai
ning four Sabre flights could be allocated together to form a MiGCAP over MiG Alley. 
\par A flight consists of two elements of two aircraft. The leader/wingman element is the smallest fighting unit in MiG Alley. Although aircraft are allocated to missions in flights, it is possible to allocate duties to individual elements.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Missions_Generation}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #}
 HIDD_MISSIONGENERATION}}Missions Generation
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Missions can be generated in a number of ways:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar By initiating Directives, the Mission Folder will be filled automatically.
\par Clicking on authorize on either the Target Dialogue or Dossier will produce the framework for a mission.
\par \pard\plain \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 On the Mission Results Dialogue click on {\uldb redo}{\v HIDD_RESULTS} to carry the highlighted mission over to the next day.
\par \pard \s49\sa120\nowidctlpar If a mission is marked for {\i Redo, }then the aircraft required are automatically removed from the available set before the Directives automatically build the next session\rquote s missions.
\par No matter what method is used for mission generation, the mission can be fine-tuned to an extraordinary level of detail. Use the:
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi720\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\fs22\uldb {\*\bkmkstart debrief}{\*\bkmkstart mission}{\*\bkmkend debrief}{\*\bkmkend mission}Mission Profile Dialogue}{\v\fs22 HIDD_PROFILE}{\fs22  to insert and delete Waves}.
\par \pard \s16\li720\nowidctlpar {\fs22\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v\fs22 HIDD_TASKTABS}{\fs22  to change the aircraft types, numbers, duties and payloads.
\par }\pard\plain \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\uldb Route Dialogue}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS} to make changes to the route for the mission.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Waves;Missions;Groups}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $}
 Mission_Structure}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_MISSIONSTRUCTURE}}Mission Structure
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Up to 10 completely independent missions can be set up for any particular session. 
\par Each mission can consist of up to six Waves. A Wave is made up of the Strike or Main Duty Group that can be supported by an Air Cover Group and an AAA Group. Each Wave can have its own ToT (Time over Target).
\par This system gives the flexibility to design either many small missions or fewer complex missions. 
\par Templates or {\uldb profiles}{\v HIDD_LOADPROFILE} can be produced so that you can easily regenerate missions.
\par The Mission Structure has been designed to allow you to generate missions that were typical during the conflict. For instance, due to limited fuel capacity, Combat Air Patrol aircraft could only stay on station for about twenty minutes. MiG pilots soon re
alized this and so they waited until the Sabres started to leave before mounting an attack. In this situation the Sabres were vulnerable because they did not have the fuel to stay and fight and also
 get home. To combat this tactic Sabres were organized into Waves so that as one Wave was ready to leave another was arriving.
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Take-Off; Rendezvous; Ingress; Initial Point; Regroup; Egress; Disperse; Landing}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $}
 Routes_Overview}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ROUTESINTRO}}{\b\fs36 Routes Overview}
\par \pard\plain \s49\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22  A route is a set of waypoints. Initially, each route consists of the same standard set of waypoints:
\par \pard \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b Take-Off
\par Rendezvous}
\par Flights from different airfields will join up here
\par {\b Ingress
\par }Entry into enemy airspace
\par {\b Initial Point
\par }The Groups split at this point to perform their individual duties
\par {\b Regroup
\par }The Groups join up again
\par {\b Egress
\par }Exit enemy air space
\par {\b Disperse
\par }Flights from different airfields split up
\par {\b Landing
\par }\pard \s49\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b 
\par }As it is possible to drag waypoints around the map, Ingress and Egress waypoints are not always strictly associated with the position of enemy airspace.
\par Aircraft in the same Wave fly together from the Rendezvous to the Initial Point. Each Group then has its own set of waypoints to follow in the Target Zone.
\par It is possible to insert and delete additional waypoints. However it is not possible to delete any of the standard set. Additional waypoints can be added to both the main route and Target Zone.
\par Waypoints can be set for individual elements. If you had a mission with two flights of Flak Suppression aircraft, you could give the four elements different routes in the Target Zone. As it is possible to define Main and Secondary Targets, you could autho
rize eight different targets with just two flights of aircraft.
\par  
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Map Screen}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_THEMAP
\par }}The Map
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The mapscreen consists of a scrollable and zoomable map, one fixed set of icons and five dockable toolbars:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\uldb Title Toolbar}{\v HIDD_TITLEBAR}
\par {\uldb Main Toolbar}{\v HIDD_MAINTOOLBAR}
\par {\uldb Utility Toolbar}{\v HIDD_MISCTOOLBAR}
\par {\uldb Scale Toolbar}{\v HIDD_SCALE}
\par {\uldb Filters Toolbar}{\v HIDD_MAPFILTERS}
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar On returning from a mission, you will be presented with a debrief stage which can be recognized in two ways:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar The Title Toolbar will indicate that the current status is Debrief.
\par The Main Toolbar will consist of a {\uldb modified set of icons.}{\v HIDD_DEBRIEFTOOLBAR}
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Title Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_TITLEBAR
\par }}Title Toolbar
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 In addition to showing the title \ldblquote {\b MiG Alley}\rdblquote 
, the Title Toolbar shows the date and some status information. If you are in the planning stage then the status field will display the time of day:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Morning
\par Midday
\par Afternoon
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar On returning from a mission the status field will indicate that you are in the debrief stage.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Main Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_MAINTOOLBAR
\par }}Main Toolbar
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This toolbar consists of the following icons:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b\uldb Base{\*\bkmkstart maintool}{\*\bkmkend maintool}s}{\v HIDD_BASES_TITLE}{\b\uldb 
\par Squadrons}{\v HIDD_SQUADS}{\b\uldb 
\par Weather}{\v HIDD_WEATHER}{\b\uldb 
\par Daily Intelligence Summary}{\v HIDD_DIS}{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb Target List}{\v HIDD_AUTHORISATION}{\b\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\b\fs22\uldb Directives}{\v\fs22 HIDD_COMIT_E}{\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b\uldb Mission Folder}{\v HIDD_MISSION_FOLDER}{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb Overview}{\v HIDD_OVERVIEW}{\b\uldb 
\par Player Log}{\v HIDD_PLAYERLOG}
\par {\b\uldb Frag}{\v HIDD_FRAGORDER}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Fragmentory Order;Launching Missions}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $
} Frag}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_FRAGORDER}}Frag
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Your Frag represents the fragment of the Orders of the Day that concerns you.
\par On clicking on the Frag icon you will move to the Frag Screen. This is where all the missions that you have designed for the session are displayed.
\par You will have been allocated one of the aircraft that has been prepared for the missions to be flown. If you don\rquote t see your name printed in white on the lists then click on the {\i Return to Player}
 tickbox. This will display the list that contains your name.
\par If you want to fly in a different aircraft, click on the pilot that you want to replace.
\par When you first see the Frag List, the flights are grouped according to the mission that they are going to fly. By clicking on the squadron button, it is possible to view the flights in squadron groups.
\par The combo-box at the top of the screen can be used to change the mission or squadron that is being displayed.
\par Use the flight\rquote s combo-box to change the call-sign. Each flight can be allocated a different call-sign.\page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Utility Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_MISCTOOLBAR
\par }}{\b\fs32 Utility Toolbar
\par }This toolbar consist of the following icons:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b\uldb Thumbnail Map}{\v HIDD_THUMBNAIL}{\b\uldb 
\par }{\b Zoom In
\par Zoom Out
\par }{\b\uldb Filing}{\v HIDD_FILING}{\b\uldb 
\par }{\b Replay
\par }
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar It is also possible to change the map zoom by using the {\uldb Scale Toolbar}{\v HIDD_SCALE} or by clicking with the right button when the mouse pointer is over the map.
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Debrief Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DEBRIEFTOOLBAR}}{\b\fs32 Debrief Toolbar}
\par This toolbar consists of the following icons:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b\uldb Daily Intelligence Summary}{\v HIDD_DIS}{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb Mission Results}{\v HIDD_RESULTS}{\b 
\par }\pard \li1440\sa120\nowidctlpar This Dialogue can be used to redo missions that were not completed satisfactorily.
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b\uldb Overview}{\v HIDD_OVERVIEW}{\b\uldb 
\par Player Log}{\v HIDD_PLAYERLOG}{\b 
\par Next Period
\par }\pard \li1440\sa120\nowidctlpar On clicking on this icon, the clock moves forward to the planning stage of the next session.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Scale Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_SCALE
\par }}Scale Toolbar
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
The units shown on the scale are determined by the Units options on the View set of Preferences. If imperial units are selected then the scale is displayed in Nautical Miles. Kilometers are used if metric units are selected.
\par The scale is fully dockable so that you can move it around the map. The scale can be forced to display horizontally or vertically. If the scale is currently horizontal, then click on the grab bar and drag it to the side of the screen. This will force the 
scale to flip to a vertical scale.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Filter Toolbar}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_MAPFILTERS

\par }}Filters Toolbar
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The Filters Toolbar is used to control the icons and lines that are drawn on the map. There are three sets:{\b 
\par Blue Set
\par }This set of icons controls the display of the UN Forces and assets. The silver-backed icon on the left can be used to toggle on and off all UN Forces and Assets.
\par {\b Red Set
\par }This set of icons controls the display of the Communist Forces and assets. The red set of icons works in the same way as the blue set.{\b 
\par Miscellaneous Set
\par }The top left icon toggles the main waypoints.
\par The bottom left icon toggles the waypoints in the target zone.
\par The top right icon toggles between displaying all the route lines and just the highlighted route.
\par The bottom right icon toggles the Front Line.
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_BASES_TITLE
\par }${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} {\b\fs28 Bases}}k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Bases;Airfields}}{\b\fs32 Bases}{\b\fs28 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Display
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue displays the blue airfields; that is the ones that are controlled by the UN Forces. Your Fighter Squadrons are shown below the airfield at which they are currently located.
\par The aircraft icons to the right of each airfield indicate the airfield\rquote 
s status. The number of icons shows how many squadrons can be accommodated. The colored icons show the slots already in use. A grey icon indicates that the airfield has spare capacity. The pro
p aircraft icon means that the airfield resources are limited and only prop aircraft can be located there. Prop and jet aircraft can be located at airfields that have jet icons.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Function
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue can be used to move squadrons from airfield to airfield. A move will take place automatically at the end of the day\rquote 
s combat flying. To move a squadron, click on the squadron that you want to move and drag the pointer to the new airfield then release the mouse button. The computer will only allow moves to acce
ptable airfields.  If the pointer is currently over an unacceptable destination then the restricted icon will be displayed.
\par It is possible to make the Dialogue bigger by clicking at the bottom of the Dialogue and then dragging downwards. More UN airfields will then become visible.
\par When an acceptable move has been registered, information about the move will be printed next to the moved squadron. Note that the squadron does not move until the end of the day.
\par Clicking on an airfield will open the {\uldb Dossier}{\v HIDD_TARGETDOSSIER} for the relevant airfield. Clicking on a squadron will open the {\uldb Squadron Dialogue.}{\v HIDD_SQUADS}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Notes
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Part of the job of the Commander is to place his Fighter Squadrons at the most suitable airfields. It is safer for them to be kept to the south of Korea. However this reduces their loiter time over the target area. 

\par 
\par \page 
\par {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_TARGETDOSSIER}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} {\b\fs28 Dossier}}k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Target Dossier;Dossier}}{\b\fs32 Dossier}{\b\fs28 
\par }This Dialogue displays details about the currently selected item on the map. There are three tabs:
\par {\b Details
\par }This report gives an overview of the current state of the item. MSR indicates with which of the {\uldb Main Supply Routes}{\v HIDD_BATTLESCENARIO} the item is associated.
\par {\b Damage
\par }This report gives an up to date summary of the current Damage State of the item.
\par {\b Notes
\par }Notes are only available for the bigger targets.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Center
\par }Click on this button to center the map onto the item.
\par {\b Zoom
\par }Click on this button to zoom the map onto the item.
\par {\b Photo
\par }Click on this button to give a 3D view of the item.
\par {\b Authorize
\par }Click on this button to launch a mission against the item. The {\uldb Load Profile}{\v HIDD_LOADPROFILE} Dialogue will open so that you can start the process of defining the mission. This button is disabled if the blue forces control the item.
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Squadron Information}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_SQUADS}}{\b\fs32 Squadron
\par }This Dialogue displays the list of pilots allocated to the {\uldb Fighter Squadrons}{\v HIDD_RESOURCES}. Clicking on the squadron tab at the top of the Dialogue will change the list of pilots displayed.
\par You manage the pilots of the five squadrons based in Japan. Man Management of the Bomber Squadrons can be left to the Air Commander in Japan. Each squadron can launch up to four flights of four aircraft per day. There are six flights of pilots available a
nd so the fifth and sixth flights don\rquote t fly. They are resting.
\par The pilot lists are displayed according to Flight and Element. Each flight consists of two elements of two aircraft. The flight and element leaders are on the left column and the wingmen are on the right.
\par {\b Available Aircraft
\par }The number of available aircraft for the squadron is displayed at the bottom of the dialogue.
\par At the start of a campaign, each squadron will have 19 aircraft available. That means you start with 3 spare aircraft for each squadron. Repair and replacement of aircraft takes time. It is possible
 then, when things are going badly, that you will not be able to send out the full complement of four flights. 
\par {\b Rotate Flights
\par }The {\i Rotate Flights} combo-box is used to determine how frequently the flights are automatically rotated. For instance, if{\i  Every 3 days }
is displayed, then after every three days each flight will be moved up into the place of the flight above: the sixth flight moves into the fifth\rquote s slot, the fifth flight moves into the fourth\rquote 
s slot etc. The first flight is moved into the sixth\rquote s slot. Automatic rotation can be disabled by selecting {\i Never.
\par }It is possible for you to manually rotate flights by using the {\i dragging and dropping} method described below.
\par {\b Bingo Fuel
\par }This is the minimum amount of fuel that should be available at the Regroup waypoint. During mission planning, you will be warned if this limit is exceeded. During missions, computer controlled aircraft will return home when this limit is reached.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Functions
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Flights, elements and pilots can be moved around the squadron by using the {\i drag and drop }method. For instance to swap flight one with flight two:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Click on the flight one icon. The pointer should change to a restricted sign.
\par Drag the mouse pointer over the flight two icon. The pointer should change to a swap sign.
\par Release the mouse button. The four pilots from flight one will swap places with the four pilots in flight two.
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar When the Dialogue is first displayed flights five and six are not visible. You can use the scrollbar to bring them into view. However when moving pilots around t
he squadron it is more convenient to see all the flights at the same time. Clicking on the bottom edge of the Dialogue and then dragging downwards can increase the overall size of the Dialogue.
\par Click on any {\uldb pilot}{\v HIDD_PILOTS} to get the personal details of the four pilots in the {\i clicked pilot\rquote s flight}. This information is vital when deciding on promotions, demotions and allocating rest days.
\par Some of the routine management can be done automatically by setting up the rotate flights combo-box. There are six flig
hts, four of which are on active service each day. By setting the rotate flights to two days, you ensure that your pilots get two days rest out of every six.
\par Clicking on the {\uldb Losses}{\v HIDD_RIP_LIST} button will take you to the casualty lists for all your squadrons.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Flight Details}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PILOTS}}
Flight Details
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue is launched when you click on a pilot on the Squadron Dialogue. This Dialogue displays the details of the four pilots in the {\i clicked pilot\rquote s flight}.
\par There are two tabs on this Dialogue. The Personal tab information summarizes the important facts about the pilots. This information is vital when deciding on promotions, demotions and allocating rest days.
\par Click on the aircraft tabs to display the artwork painted on the side of the pilot\rquote s aircraft. Click on a piece of {\uldb artwork}{\v HIDD_PAINTSHOP} to see the full range of options.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Paint Shop}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PAINTSHOP}}
Paint Shop
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\par This Dialogue is launched when you click on an aircraft\rquote s nose art that is displayed on the Flight Details Dialogue. 
\par It is possi
ble to change the artwork on any of the aircraft under your command that are based in Korea. You can choose from any of the sixteen pieces of artwork supplied. In addition it is possible for you to provide your own set of sixteen pieces of artwork.
\par To change the nose art on the selected aircraft, click on your choice.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Changing User Nose Art
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 In the game the user nose art exists in two forms: one for the map screen and one for the 3D section. Changing the nose art is therefore a two-stage process:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Modify the mapscreen nose art in a standard art pack.
\par \pard\plain \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Run a conversion program, which we have provided, to produce the form of the nose art for the 3D section of the game.
\par \pard \s49\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b Modifying the Mapscreen Nose Art
\par }The source files will be found in: \\{\f3 artwork\\noseuser. }If you haven\rquote t changed the default directory the full path will be: {\f3 \\rowan\\mig\\artwork\\noseuser\\.
\par }\pard\plain \s52\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The nose art consists of sixteen files in the bmp file format. You can edit any or all of these files in your art pack. The following restrictions apply:
\par \pard\plain \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Each piece of artwork must be 64 pixels x 64 pixels and must have 256 Colors.
\par The palette cannot be changed.
\par Color 253 must not be used.
\par Color 254 is the mask color \endash  this will be transparent and not show up on the aircraft.
\par Color 255 should be pure white (255,255,255).
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar After saving out a modified piece of nose art, it will be possible to view the change on the mapscreen paint shop dialogue. At this stage, though, the change will not be available in the 3D.
\par {\b Preparing the Artwork for the 3D Game
\par }To make the modified artwork available in the 3D part of the game, you need to run the \lquote nose art\rquote  program that is installed in the same directory as MiG Alley.
\par There are two other ways of running the nose art program:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar It is available as a menu item in the MiG Alley section of the Start Menus.
\par It can be initiated from the command line with the command:  {\f3 tt2 \endash r user.res
\par }\pard \sa120\nowidctlpar {\b 
\par }Running the nose art program will produce a new version of the file: {\f3 MaskMap\\UsrDecal.X8
\par }If at any time any of the user nose art files are corrupted then they can be replaced by copying from the original CD. The directory names on the CD are identical to those on the installed version.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Casualty List}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_RIP_LIST}}
Casualty List
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This list shows the casualties associated with the squadrons under your command. The most recent losses are at the top of the list.
\par 
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Contrail Layer}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Weather}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_WEATHER
\par }}{\b\fs32 Weather}
\par This Dialogue shows the weather forecast for North Korea for the next session.
\par {\b Conditions/Visibility
\par }This information should be considered when making target choices. Your aircraft are not fitted with sophisticated radar equipment and so target acquisition is by eye. In bad conditions, choose targets that will be easily identified.
\par {\b Temperature and Pressure
\par }During the summer, it may be difficult for some aircraft with heavy payloads to get into the air.
\par {\b Contrail Layer
\par }The contrail layer should determine at which altitude you fly. The MiGs have the advantage of being able to fly higher and so generally you should instruct flights to fly below the
 contrail layer. An attacking MiG is easier to spot as it descends through the layer.
\par {\b Wind Speed and Direction
\par }Wind speed and direction are quoted at two different altitudes. At certain times of the year it is more likely that the jet stream will offer a tail wind on egress. You should take advantage of this bonus.
\par {\b Gusts
\par }If the weather is changeable, it is likely that you will suffer from gusts. This will make flying more stressful as you have to constantly adjust the controls.
\par {\b Special Notes
\par }This gives the forecaster the opportunity of telling you about any special weather effects to note. For instance there may be mist in the valleys.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Daily Intelligence Summary}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DIS

\par }}Daily Intelligence Summary
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This is the Intelligence Summary for the day. The list of Intelligence Topics available to you can be filtered using the radio buttons at the top of the Dialogue:
\par \pard\plain \s50\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Target/General
\par }If Target is ticked then only those intelligence topics associated with a particular location or target are listed.
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 If General is ticked then all intelligence topics are listed.
\par \pard\plain \s50\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Latest/Priority
\par }If Latest is ticked then only those intelligence topics generated in the last session are listed.
\par If Priority is ticked then all priority intelligence topics are listed. The system is only capable of recording a finite set of topics and so old topics are automatically removed.
\par 
\par You can use the three buttons at the bottom of the Dialogue to get further information about the highlighted Intelligence Topic:
\par {\b Notes
\par }Click on this button to get notes on the highlighted topic
\par {\b Footage
\par }Click on this button to get film footage on the highlighted topic. This is only available for key events during the campaign.
\par {\b Intelligence
\par }Click on this button to open up the {\uldb Dossier}{\v HIDD_TARGETDOSSIER} for the Location/Target referred to in the highlighted topic.
\par 
\par If a button is greyed-out then that option is not available for the highlighted Intelligence Topic.
\par \pard\plain \li2160\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DISNOTES}}D.I.S. Notes
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 These are the notes associated with the currently highlighted item in the Daily Intelligence Summary dialogue.\page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k}
 Supply; Choke; Traffic; Airfields; Army}${\footnote \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} {\b0\fs22 Target List}
\par }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_AUTHORISATION
\par }}{\b\fs36 Target List
\par }This Dialogue displays intelligence information about the recognized targets in North Korea. The targets have been allocated to the following categories:
\par \pard\plain \s51\fi-720\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Supply
\par }\pard \s51\sa120\nowidctlpar These are the key locations on the Communists supply routes. Typically the targets are either marshalling yards or warehouses.
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Choke
\par }These are the bridges on the main supply routes
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar {\b Traffic
\par }This list shows the key supply routes for the Communist forces.
\par {\b Airfields
\par }This list shows the airfields available to the Communist forces.
\par {\b Army
\par }This form is different from the other four. Instead of showing a list of targets, information about the frontline is shown. 
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Targets
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 In the case of Supply, Choke, Traffic and Airfields, the information is arranged into lists that can be sorted according to the following criteria:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar MSR: East
\par MSR: Central
\par MSR: West
\par Activity
\par Capacity
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar MSR, which stands for Main Supply Route, is explained in {\uldb Battle Scenarios.}{\v HIDD_BATTLESCENARIO}
\par There are two buttons at the bottom of the list:
\par {\b Dossier
\par }Click on this button to display the Dossier for the highlighted target.
\par {\b Authorize
\par }Click on this button to generate a {\uldb mission }{\v HIDD_MISSIONGENERATION }against the highlighted target.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Front Line
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The front line is divided into {\uldb three areas}{\v HIDD_BATTLESCENARIO}: west, central and east. Use the tick buttons to select the area that you want to view.
\par For each area, a summary of the position at the front line is presented, together with a set of three buttons:
\par {\b Dossier
\par }Click on this button to display the Dossier for the nearest target on the supply route to this front line.
\par {\b Details
\par }Click on this button to get more detailed information about the front line.
\par {\b Authorize
\par }Click on this button to authorize a close air support mission for this area of the front line.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} CAS Requests}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ARMYREQUESTS}}
Front Line Details
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\par The Front Line report can be viewed from either the UN or Communist perspective by using the {\i UN Forces/Red Forces} tabs.
\par The report is presented as two lists. The top list shows the forces deployed for the side chosen by the tab. One of the units will be highlighted. The bottom list shows any opposition forces, which are engaged with the highlighted force.
\par For instance, when the UN Forces tab is selected the top list displays details about the UN Forces deployed in the designated area of the Front Line.  If one of the UN units is highlighted then the bottom list wi
ll show the Communist Forces that are engaged with it. 
\par It is possible to change the highlight by clicking on another entry in the top list.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_COMIT_E}k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k}
 Directives;Automatic Missions}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Directives}}Directives
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue displays the controls for the automatic mission builder. When setting up the mission builder, you have to make two major decisions:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar The priority that you want to give to each Mission Type.
\par The maximum resource to allocate to each Mission Type.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Cross Boxes
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 There are three cross-boxes at the top of the Dialogue:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar {\b Autodisplay
\par }Automatically displays the Dialogue at the beginning of each session.
\par {\b Autogenerate
\par }\pard\plain \s49\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Automatically generates missions at the beginning of each session. If this option is selected, the missions will be generated even if the Dialogue is not displayed.
\par \pard\plain \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Alpha Strikes
\par }If this option is selected, all aircraft are allocated against one target.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Priority List
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The list below the cross-boxes consists of a set of Mission Types. At the top and bottom of the list there are two special cases:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar At the top there is a record of the aircraft already in use. If you have decided to {\uldb redo}{\v HIDD_RESULTS} any missions that were unsuccessful on previous sessions, then this line will show the aircraft needed.
\par The bottom line shows the aircraft that you are not planning to use for this session.
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar Here is a typical entry for a standard Mission Type:
\par Category\tab Strike\tab \tab Fighters\tab Targets\tab Missions
\par Airfields\tab 48\tab \tab 16\tab \tab 19\tab \tab 4
\par This line shows that when 48 Strike and 16 Fighter aircraft are allocated against Airfields, the automatic mission builder found 19 possible targets and was able to use the aircraft allocation to set up 4 missions.
\par The number and type of aircraft and duties allocated by the automatic mission builder will reflect the status of the target. For instance, sometimes only medium bombers will be appropriate together with Air and AAA Cover, other times a single flight of F5
1s may be suitable. 
\par For the sake of the Directives, the two Sabre squadrons are considered to be Fighter aircraft and the rest are put in the Strike Category. You therefore have up to 32 Fighters and 64 Strike aircraft available. 
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Functions
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
The Strike and Fighter aircraft combo-boxes can be used to alter the allocations of aircraft. The list is in order of priority with the Mission Types at the top having the top priority. You will find that it is not possible to allocate more than the maxim
um available aircraft. Whenever you make a change the allocations are rechecked. If you request more aircraft than are available then the Mission Types at the top of the list are given the priority.
\par To change the order of priorities, click on a Mission Type and then drag the mouse pointer to the desired new position. On releasing the mouse button, the Mission Type will be placed in the new position.
\par Click on a Mission Type to view details about the targets found and missions found. This information can be used to fine-tune the Directives request to maximize the missions launched.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Selection Results}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_CAMPLIST}}
Selection Results
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue is launched when a Mission Type on the Directives Dialogue is clicked.
\par The Dialogue lists the targets found in order of priority together with a relevant note. 
\par Missions are not always allocated against the top targets in the list. There may be insufficient aircraft to launch a mission against a top priority target, however there may be enough aircraft for a lesser target.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Mission Folder}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_MISSION_FOLDER}}
Mission Folder
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The Mission Folder lists the missions planned for the current session. The various methods of initiating a mission are described in the {\uldb Mission Generation}{\v HIDD_MISSIONGENERATION} note.
\par Click on a mission line to highlight it. There are four buttons at the bottom of the Mission Folder Dialogue:
\par {\b\uldb Intelligence}{\v\uldb HIDD_TARGETDOSSIER}{\b\uldb 
\par }Click on this button to display the Dossier for the highlighted mission\rquote s target.
\par {\b\uldb Profile}{\v HIDD_PROFILE}
\par Click on this button to display more details about the highlighted mission.
\par {\b Delete}
\par Click on this button to delete the highlighted mission.
\par {\b\uldb {\*\bkmkstart utilitytool}{\*\bkmkend utilitytool}Frag}{\v HIDD_FRAGORDER}{\b 
\par }Click on this button to move to the Frag Screen.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Overview}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_OVERVIEW
\par }}Overview
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue shows the {\i scoreboard} for the aircraft under your command. The player\rquote s individual achievements are displayed on the {\uldb Player Log.}{\v HIDD_PLAYERLOG}
\par The data are arranged on two tabs:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Ac Stats\tab \tab Aircraft Statistics
\par Ground Stats\tab \tab Ground Statistics
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar The radio buttons at the top of the Dialogue filter the statistics. The options available actually vary depending on the time of day. Essentially, the following options are offered:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Last session
\par Last full day
\par Since the campaign began
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar In each case, two separate lists are displayed: one for kills and one for losses. 
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Mission Results}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_RESULTS}}{\b\fs32 Mission Results}
\par This Dialogue, which summarizes the outcome of the Session\rquote s Missions, is only available during the Debrief.
\par There are four buttons at the bottom of the Dialogue:
\par {\b Profile
\par }Click on this but
ton to display the Profile of the highlighted mission. During the Debrief, it is not possible to edit the mission and so some buttons are greyed-out. If you want to edit a mission and try it again, then first click on the Redo button and then go to the Ne
xt Period. You are now in Mission Planning and the Mission can be edited.
\par {\b Debrief
\par }Click on this button to get a detailed Debrief of the {\uldb highlighted mission}{\v HIDD_DEBRIEF}.
\par {\b Redo
\par }Click on this button to redo the highlighted mission. On moving to the Next Period, the mission will be left in the Mission Folder. The aircraft required for {\i redo }
missions are removed from the available pool before the Directives are used to allocate for the next set of missions.
\par {\b Next Period
\par }Click on this button to end the Debrief and move to the Next Period or Session.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Player Log}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PLAYERLOG
\par }}Player Log
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The default {\i nom de guerre} for the player is Name. The player can change his name at any stage of the campaign.
\par The data on this Dialogue are arranged on two tabs. A summary of the player\rquote s individual flying achievements is displayed on the career tab.  The Mission Log contains a brief description of every one of the player\rquote s missions.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Thumbnail Map}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_THUMBNAIL}}
Thumbnail
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The red rectangle indicates the area covered by the main map.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Function
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 To change the area covered by the main map, either:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar left click inside the red rectangle and drag it to the required area, or
\par left click and the map will center at the point clicked. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Filing}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_FILING}}Filing
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This dialogue is used to save and load campaigns. Use the two tabs under the title strip to switch between the two functions.
\par Whenever the dialogue is opened, the save tab is highlighted. It is arranged this way to avoid the accidental loading of a campaign over the current game.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 k} Profiles}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Load Profile}#
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_LOADPROFILE}}Load Profile
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 A profile holds basic information about a mission such as:
\par \tab Default waypoints and route
\par \tab Default type and number of aircraft for the mission
\par Profiles, then, are very like templates encountered in word processing packages. 
\par When a mission is authorized against a target, you will be prompted to select a mission profile that is appropriate. There are three sets of profiles available:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Standard
\par User: Strike
\par User: Patrol
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar You start with a set of {\i Standard Profiles} and these provide a basic mission set-up. The Save button on the {\uldb Mission Profile Dialogue}{\v HIDD_PROFILE} allows you to save your own profiles. 
This is useful when you have perfected an attack against a particular type of target and you want to use it on another target of the same type.
\par After a Standard Profile has been loaded in, the computer a.i. will adjust the number of aircraft allocated to the package to correspond to the size of the target and the surrounding defenses. 
\par After a user-defined profile has been loaded in, the computer a.i. will make only limited adjustments:
\par \tab B26 and B29 requirements are interchangeable.
\par \tab The two F86 squadrons are also interchangeable.
\par In addition, for user-defined profiles:
\par \pard \fi720\sa120\nowidctlpar The computer a.i. never adjusts the number of flights. 
\par Fighter-Bomber squadrons are not interchangeable.
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_SAVEPROFILE}}Save Profile
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 See {\uldb Load Profile}{\v HIDD_LOADPROFILE}.
\par \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Missions}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PROFILE}}{\b\fs36 Mission Profile}
\par The Mission Profile Dialogue is used to display details about the mission highlighted in the Mission Folder. The main target for the mission is shown in the title bar.
\par {\uldb A mission can consist of a number of Waves and each Wave can be made of up to three groups of aircraft.}{\v HIDD_MISSIONSTRUCTURE}
\par Each Wave of aircraft is allocated a separate line on the Mission Dialogue. Here is a typical entry:
\par Wave\tab \tab ToT\tab Main Duty\tab AAA Cover\tab Air Cover
\par 1.Bomb\tab 07:00\tab B26(2)\tab \tab F84(2)\tab \tab F86 sq 1(1)
\par {\b 1.Bomb
\par }The 1 indicates that this is the first Wave of the mission. Bomb means that the Wave\rquote s main duty is to bomb the main target. This is a Strike Wave.
\par Click on this entry to display the {\uldb Route Dialogue}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS} for this Wave.
\par {\b ToT
\par }This is the Time over Target. Actually it is the time that the Wave should reach the {\uldb Initial Point}{\v HIDD_ROUTESINTRO}. The Groups split at this point to perform their individual duties.
\par Click on this entry to display the {\uldb Route Dialogue}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS} for this Wave.
\par {\b B26(1)
\par }One flight of B26 Medium Bombers is tasked with the main duty.
\par Click on this entry to display the {\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS} for this Wave.
\par {\b F84(2)
\par }Two flights of F84E Thunder Jets are on AAA cover. AAA or triple A stands for Anti-Aircraft Artillery. This duty is also called Flak Suppression and Wild Weasel. These aircraft can either be {\uldb allocated targets}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS}
 or be given a free role to attack targets of opportunity.
\par Click on this entry to display the {\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS} for this Wave.
\par {\b F86 sq 1(1)
\par }One flight of F86 Sabre Jets has been allocated the Air Cover Duty. This flight will provide an escort for the bombers when they are en route and returning from the target area. During the bombing phase, the Sabres will patrol the area defined in the {
\uldb Route Dialogue.}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS}
\par Click on this entry to display the {\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS} for this Wave.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par There are five buttons at the bottom of the Mission Dialogue:
\par {\b Route}
\par Display the {\uldb Route Dialogue}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS} for the highlighted Wave.
\par {\b Task}
\par Display the {\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS} for the highlighted Wave.
\par {\b Save
\par }Save the {\uldb Mission Profile}{\v HIDD_SAVEPROFILE}.
\par {\b Insert
\par }Insert a Wave. If the Main Duty of the first Wave is to bomb the main target, then a Dialogue will be launched which will allow you to define the nature of the {\uldb Wave}{\v HIDD_WAVEINSERT}.
\par {\b Delete
\par }Delete the highlighted Wave. It is not possible to delete the first Wave. Use the Delete Button on the Mission Folder to delete the mission.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Insert a Wave}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_WAVEINSERT}}
Insert a Wave
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue is launched when the {\i Insert Wave} button is clicked on the Mission Dialogue.
\par You can use this Dialogue to define the main duty of the Wave and the Time over Target (ToT). It is possible to define a Time over Target that would result in the Wave arriving before the main Wave. Th
is could be useful, for instance, if you want to do some flak suppression before your main Wave arrives.
\par There are three possible types of main duty that can be allocated to a Wave:
\par {\b Bomb 
\par }A mission can consist of a number of Strike Waves. Each Wave can be allocated the main target for the mission or secondary targets can be introduced. 
\par A Crack and Burn mission would consist of two Waves. These missions are useful against substantial warehouses that contain flammable stores. The first Wave would use iron bo
mbs to crack open the store. The second Wave would use napalm to destroy the stores.
\par {\b Flak Suppression
\par }\pard\plain \s52\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 When an important target is heavily defended, it is reasonable to send out a Wave that arrives before the main strike force to suppress the flak. 
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 {\b Bar CAP
\par }\pard\plain \s52\sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
When an important target is located within the MiG area of influence, it is reasonable to send out a Wave that arrives before the main strike force to set up a Combat Air Patrol which acts as a barrier between the strike force and the MiGs.
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\par When the main duty is Flak Suppression or Air Cover, it is still possible to have AAA Cover and Air Cover Groups in support. However this is unlikely to be an effective use of your resources.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Tasks}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_TASKTABS}}Tasks
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
The Task Dialogue contains detailed information about the aircraft of the current Wave. The details for one Group of the Wave are displayed. Use the Tabs at the top of the Dialogue to view the details of the other Groups.
\par The first line shows the Squadron Information, for instance {\i B26(1/2)}. This indicates that the current Group consists of one flight of B26 aircraft. The 2 means that up to two flights of aircraft could be allocated to this group. Click on the {\uldb 
box}{\v HIDD_CHOOSESQUAD} to see what other alternative aircraft could be used for this Current Group.
\par The next section of the Dialogue is concerned with the detailed orders that can be issued to the Groups. For the main duty it is possible to specify:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Attack Method
\par Attack Pattern
\par Group Formation
\par The {\i Escort Position} combo is not relevant. 
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar For the Escort Groups, it is possible to specify:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Radio Silence
\par Group Formation
\par Escort Position
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar The last section of the Dialogue is concerned with giving orders to the individual flights of the Group. 
\par The box next to the Flight designation shows the payload required for the flight. Click on the box to see what other {\uldb payloads}{\v HIDD_PAYLOAD} could be defined for this Current Flight.
\par {\b Extra Targets
\par }The two boxes next to the Target designation show the flight\rquote s targets. It is possible to
 define a main and a secondary target for each flight. When a flight is engaged in a patrol duty then these two targets define the extent of the patrol area. Click on a target box to change the allocated target.  You will be presented with a Dialogue requ
esting you to select a target. Click on an item icon on the map to define the target. This Dialogue has two buttons:
\par {\b Reset
\par }Reset the target to the Mission\rquote s Main Target.
\par {\b Cancel
\par }Cancel the request to change the target.
\par 
\par After selecting extra targets, the new waypoints will be detailed in the {\uldb Routes}{\v HIDD_WAVETABS} directory.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Pay_Load}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PAYLOAD}}Pay Load

\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 Details of the Current Payload selection are shown at the top of this Dialogue. 
\par Other options are also displayed and the current selection is highlighted. Click on another option to change the current selection. Click on the tick at the top of the Dialogue to confirm your choice. Clicking on the cross will cancel any changes that you
 have made.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Aircraft Select}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_CHOOSESQUAD}}
Aircraft Select
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This Dialogue consists of a list of the squadrons that are under your command. This Dialogue is launched from the {\uldb Task Dialogue}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS}
 and on entry, the squadron for the Current Group is highlighted.
\par The number under the Available Column indicates the number of flights that are available for the Current Group. If there is more than one flight available, then the spin button at the top of the Dialogue can be used to change the allocation.
\par It is possible to change the squadron allocated to the Current Group by clicking on the appropriate line in the list. However, it will not be possible to highlight a line for which there are no flights available.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Routes}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_WAVETABS}}Routes
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 See {\uldb Routes Overview}{\v HIDD_ROUTESINTRO} for a description about routes and waypoints in MiG Alley.
\par Information about the Route for the Current Wave is organized onto two tabs:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Main Route
\par Target Zone
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar For each tab it is possible to view the waypoint information in either Summary or Detail Form.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Main Route: Summary Mode
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 In Summary Mode, a list of all the waypoints on the main route is displayed together with one attribute. Information about the following attributes are obtained by making a selection from the combo-box:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Position
\par Altitude
\par ETA
\par ETA (rel)
\par Main Duty Fuel
\par AAA Cover Fuel
\par Air Cover Fuel
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar 
The altitude can be displayed in either feet or meters and the fuel is displayed in either pounds or kilograms. The choice of units can be changed on the Units options on the View set of Preferences. The altitude shown is for the lead group. Escort 
groups that are of the same aircraft type as the lead group will also fly at this altitude. Other escort groups will fly at 1000ft below the contrail layer.
\par The ETA is the estimated time of arrival at the waypoint. It is assumed that the Wave will travel at the cruise velocity of the slowest aircraft. The ETA (rel) is the ETA relative to the {\uldb initial point}{\v HIDD_ROUTESINTRO}.
\par The Fuel figures show the estimated fuel remaining at the waypoint. 
\par 
\par When Route information is being displayed in Summary Form, there are three buttons at the bottom of the Dialogue:
\par {\b Insert
\par }Insert a waypoint after the currently highlighted waypoint. The highlight moves to the inserted waypoint. 
\par {\b Delete
\par }Delete the currently highlighted waypoint. You can only delete waypoints that you have inserted.
\par {\b Center
\par }Scroll the map so that the highlighted waypoint is at the center.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Main Route: Detail
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 In Detail Mode, all the attributes for the highlighted waypoint are displayed. In this mode it is possible to change the altitude and ETA for some waypoints:
\par {\b Altitude
\par }All but the take-off and landing waypoints can be edited.
\par {\b ETA
\par }Only the ETA of the Initial Point can be edited.
\par 
\par For Detail Mode, there are two more buttons at the bottom of the Dialogue. These allow you to move to the next or previous waypoint in the route. In addition, clicking on the box containing the waypoint description will center the map onto the waypoint.

\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Target Zone: Summary
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The layout is similar to the one for{\i  Main Route: Summary. 
\par }On the Main Route, the Groups fly in formation. When they reach the Target Zone, they split off and follow their own set of waypoints. There is a tab for each Group so that each set is viewed separately. 
\par The list of Target Zone waypoints always starts with the Initial Point and ends with the Regroup waypoint.
\par Compared with the Main Route Dialogue, there is an extra combo-box for the Target Zone. The options are:
\par \pard \li720\sa120\nowidctlpar Group
\par Flight
\par Element
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar You can use this combo-box to view and edit the waypoints at any of the above levels. It is possible then to give orders either at the Group, Flight or Element Level. 
\par For instance, if you want to send out a Group on Flak Suppression, you could just send the Group to patrol an area and let the pilots pick their own targets. However if you know where the targets are and you want to be sure that they are attacked then you
 can allocate up to two targets to each element.
\par 
\par Instructions on setting extra targets are given in the {\uldb Task Dialogue.}{\v HIDD_TASKTABS}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 Target Zone: Detail
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 The layout is identical to the one for the Main Route.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_FULLPANE}}Menu Screen
\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\par {\b On-line help is only available for the map screen.}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs36 \page {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 $} Debrief}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DEBRIEF}}Debrief

\par \pard\plain \sa120\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 This dialogue gives further information about the mission and target highlighted on the Mission Results Dialogue. The form of the dialogue will depend on the type of mission.
\par 
\par To get further information about kills and losses, you should go to the {\uldb Squadron dialogue}{\v HIDD_SQUADS}
. Clicking on the Losses button will list the pilots in your command that have been killed. Clicking on any of the pilots on the Squadron dialogue will open the pilot details for that pilot\rquote 
s flight. The kills on the last mission are displayed as well as the total kills.
\par 
\par }